1. There are no inherently bad people. Everyone believes that, myself included. I don't doubt the existence of virtue. And yet people bare their fangs when it seems they can profit. People will rationalize their own behavior whenever they become tainted with evil; they're not supposed to be evil. In order to preserve their own twisted integrity, the world becomes twisted. 
Someone you praised as "cool" until yesterday is "stuck up" today; someone you respected as "smart and knowledgeable" is now scorned as someone who "looks down on bad students", and "energetic vigor" becomes "annoying and overly carried away".

2. Really, what a joke. I just didn't understand what these nice guys were thinking about. Because they were so in love with everyone getting along, they ended up opening up other problems when they try to fix one. I didn't even ask to be thrown into that circle either.

3. Do you know the phrase "enough specks of dust creates a mountain"? Or maybe "three heads are better than one." In other words, when people gathered together, they become even stronger and more secure. However, we were a group of failures who had gathered to do pointless things.

4. I'm not highly aware. I'm highly self-aware.

5. There was no meaning to things that were only superficial. That was a single belief that both me and her once shared. 

6. Everyone is a slave to their past. No matter how much you wish to move forward, the events of last year will bear down on you like the light of the stars as soon as you glance up. Unable to laugh or to banish your past, you carry it ceaselessly in a corner of your heart, waiting for it to resurrect at an inopportune moment.

7. It is better to be hated for what you are. Than to be loved for what you are not.

8. The Devil's finest trick is to persuade you that he does not exist.

9. There are people who ruin the atmosphere just by existing, you know.

10. As they say about the vulgar masses, the more people flock to a group, the more foolish they become. No matter how prominent an individual is, no, it's because he is prominent that he would be blotted out by the sheer force of numbers when thrown into that lump of people. Individual will, qualifications, and personality, let alone emotions aren't considered at all.
We see only what we want to see, listen only to what we want to listen to, but for the things we want to say, we aren't able to. This is the society that we're living in right now.


11. "True to herself", "True to myself". We all have our own personal image that's dictated by others, one that's always off the mark. We wish to remain true to ourselves, but who gets to decide who we are as people? When our image never goes hand-in-hand with reality, where can we find something genuine? Where can we find our true selves?

12. The past makes you wanna die out of regret and future makes you depressed out of anxiety. So by elimination, the present is likely the happiest time.

13. When people reach the halfway mark of a long ordeal, how do they feel? Does being only halfway there make them despair? Or do they feel relief at making it halfway there? Most people have to feel one way or the other, and both emotions create an opening in their hearts. That's why I pushed myself this far. 

14. You can't take back the answer you already gave out. There's no use in crying over spilt milk. The egg you broke won't come back. All the horses and soldiers of a king will never return to his side again.
It doesn't matter what was said. You can never wipe away a bad impression.
Even though the opposite is so simple in comparison. Just one word will make someone appear hateful. Just doing one thing would make you seem hateful.
That's why excuses are meaningless. Because even those excuses will make you look hateful.

15. If wishes could be granted, if desires could be fulfilled,  then I wouldn't wish or desire for anything after all. The things you're handed on a silver platter are never genuine, and never everlasting. And that is why I'll always keep searching.

16. Thinking you'll understand without being told anything is an illusion.

17. Don't put me on their level. I don't care about looking interesting. I'm just self-conscious.

18. It's arrogant to think just saying things out loud is enough. Self-gratifying on the part of the speaker, and conceited on the part of the listener. You won't always come to an understanding by talking things out.

19. Expecting others to read your mind is delusional. But... But... I... I..."It's not empty words I'm after. There was something else I desired all along. Not mutual understanding, friendship, companionship, or anything of the sort. I don't care about being understood. I simply wish to understand. Understand, know, and rest easy in that knowledge-- gain some peace of mind. Wanting to know people inside-out because being in the dark terrifies me is an awfully self-indulgement, egoistic, and arrogant wish. It's downright despicable and disgusting. Having a desire like that makes me sick to the stomach! But if it's at all possible to share that desire-- if it's possible to have a relationship where you're free to burden one another with that repulsive self-gratification...I know that it's out of the question! I know that it's out of my reach! Even so!" Even so, I... I want something genuine. 


20. There are people who can't act unless they're faced with a problem. Unless they find their reason. All I was left with was the sinking suspicion that I'd gone horribly wrong.

21. So long as a problem doesn't cause problems, it can't be called a problem.

22. If they're not given a problem, if they're unable to find a reason, some people can't bring themselves to act. Maybe I got something wrong somewhere. Only that bit of doubt stayed with me.

23. What if, and this is strictly hypothetical, what if you could reload your save data to change your previous choice, like in a game? Would it change your life? The answer is a resounding no.

24. A problem is not a problem as long as nobody sees it as one.

25. I'm always alone. Other people don't factor into what I do. The things that happen in front of me are parts of my life and my life alone. 

26. Food tastes best when you don't have to work for it. 

27. Merits, demerits, risks, returns; if they were these things then I understood. I could understand.

Desire and self-protection, hatred from jealousy. I could analyze the mentality of the actions that were grounded on these abundant, repulsive emotions. That's because I had plenty of those ugly feelings inside of me. That's why it was simple to imagine. if they were similar things, then there was still room to understand it. I could explain using logic.

However, if there wasn't, then it was difficult.

Without the concept of profit and loss, it was hard to imagine the feelings of people who went beyond people who went beyond logic and theory. I had too little to go on and above all else. I had committed too many mistakes up until now.

Good will, friendship, or even love; they were all things I had been mistaken with. I was sure that I was mistaken with them even now as I thought about them.

28. That's not exactly right. If you had to sacrifice many things to protect one, you're more likely to give up and throw it away. Including relationships you have in your hand now.

29. There are some people who don't want a solution. Some want things to stay the way they are. There's no way to make things convenient for everyone. So the only option is to find a compromise.

30. Having people acknowledge your existence is a wonderful thing.

31. Everyone has something they hold dear, something they never want to lose. That's why they pretend. That's why they hide the truth. And that's why they lie.

32. School trips are simply a simulation of adult social life. If you ever go on a business trip with your boss, you won't get to choose where to stay or what to eat, but if you compromise, you can still have a modicum of fun. School trips train you to trick yourself into that kinda mindset.

33. When a girl calls someone a "nice guy", it means she couldn't care less about him.

34. There is a history to humans. Humans are shaped by the experience obtained from living as time continued to wind and wind. To be reborn meant being rid of that history; complete annihilation. However, that just wasn't possible in reality. That's why the only thing you could do was to continue living on, bearing the scars on your body and holding the weight of the sins on your back, without wishing for reincarnation.


35. One ought to experience loneliness at least once or twice in life. No, you have to experience it. The idea of being chained to another person without reprieve is far more abnormal and disquieting. One has no choice but to learn about loneliness. I'm sure some things can't be experienced without it.

36. If there are things you learn with friends, there must also be things you learn without friends. They must be of equal worth, two sides of the same coin.

37. Damn. My eyes are naturally drawn in her direction. Is this the unibreastal law of gravitation? Leave it to Sir Isaac Newtit.

38. What the hell is with everyone telling me to change? I don't want other people telling me who I am.

39. Huh? What are you, retarded? I'm super thoughtful. That's why I stay in the corner and don't cause anyone trouble.

40. Life is too bitter, so coffee, at least, should be sweet...


41. So, yeah. Strong animals don't gather in herds or anything like that. Do they not know the expression "a lone wolf"? Cats are cute and wolves are cool. In other words, loners are cute and cool.

42. I don't believe in crap like coincidence, fate, or destiny.

43. There's probably no one who's more of a realist than the unpopular loner. I have lived my life with the Three Nevers of the Unpopular: Never to hold (hope), Never to open (your heart), and Never to treasure (sweet words).

44. I lie all the time. Who cares if you know something, but you say you don't? Forcing something out of someone without permission is worse.

45. I like myself. I have never once hated myself. My high specs, my half-decent looks, my pessimistic, realist point of view... I don't hate any of it at all.

46. Walls are an unavoidable part of youth.

47. The concept of lateness being evil is wrong in the first place... The police don't mobilize until after an accident happens, and it's standard for heroes to show up late. But would anyone condemn them for being late? So, speaking paradoxically, lateness is justice. 

48. That's right. I'm nice. After everything that has happened in my life, I still haven't gone after anyone or anything in revenge. If I were normal I would have destroyed the world by now. In a sense it makes me a savior of sorts.

49. Knowing more means having more shit to deal with, you know.

50. If failure is the hallmark of being young, like they say. then someone who has failed to make friends must be at the peak of his youth, right? However, I'm sure they will disagree. All of this is just their double standards at play and nothing else. Here's the bottom line: Fools that enjoy their youth should go kill themselves.

51. About marriage or about future, I don't know what will happen in the future. In this world, it's normal that when there's a preparation, then a new grief is born, but everyone has the right to desire happiness. Our efforts need to be held for the sake of our future.

52. Forcing yourself to like something you don't like brings sorrow.

53. Working hard alone doesn't assure you that you'll achieve your dreams. Actually there are more cases where you don't. Even so, working hard and achieving something is some consolation at least.

54. People who grow up in different environments will invariably have different tastes and preferences. Therefore, could one say that the subsequent marriages necessarily lead to happiness?

55. Marriage, the institution where one's existence goes to die. All married people prattle on about their so-called marital bliss about how they love saying "I'm home!" to their spouses, or how seeing their sleeping kids motivates them for tomorrow. But think about it: you can say "I'm home!" if you live your parents, you can even buy some mouthwash and say "I'm home!" to the hippos on the label. And if they're talking about seeing their sleeping kids, that just means they're working hellish overtime hours. How is that in any way blissful?

56. Isn't changing yourself the same as running away? Why can't you just accept who you are?

57. I've forged my own way alone. While you were consoling and fighting with one another, I faced everything myself, head on. Now look at how strong I am.

58. If the truth is a cruel mistress, then a lie must be a nice girl.

59. Now that just looks horrible. It's like some feudal society. If that's what it takes to make friends in this world, forever alone is fine by me.

60. In essence, language accounts for a mere 30% of human communication. The other 70% is made up of information collected from eye movements and other body language. With that, even a loner who never takes part in conversation can pull off 70% of what we consider communication.

61. Fake people have an image to maintain. Real people just don't care.

62. Hey! I'm totally an adult! I bitch and whine, lie through my teeth, and do things that are unfair.

63. When a person loses their sense of belonging, they want someone else to hand it back to them on a platter.

64. There are things that cannot be taken back. But the world will keep on spinning whether you laugh or you cry. High school life will eventually end too.

65. There's no point in incapable people pushing themselves. You're better off calling for an expert in the field.

66. "The important thing is to take part." Famous words spoken by Pierre de Fr'edy, Baron de Coubertin during a speech. However, this quote tends to be frequently misused and serves as kind of a threat to force participation. There are tons of wild-goose chases in this world, y'know. If the most important thing is to take part, then surely one could find meaning in not taking part as well. And if everything's worth experiencing, then there's little doubt that the feeling of not experiencing something is, in itself, worth experiencing. In fact, you could even call it a valuable experience to not experience something everyone else does.

67. Life is something that can never be lived twice. Even this pointless act will eventually end. And while thinking that one day, I'll surely regret its end...

68. I don't think ignorance is necessarily a bad thing. The more you know, the more problems you have.

69. A wandering soul in isolation, has no need for a place to belong.

70. What does someone who's lost their standing want the most? That's simple. They want someone to find them, where they're standing.

71. I don't want other people to mention my "self". Besides, if I can be changed with a few words, then that wouldn't be my "self", would it?

72. They say that if you change yourself, you'll change the world. but that's a complete lie. They're just forcing you to compromise, by feeding you a convenient little fib.

73. Relying on someone, helping each other out, and supporting each other. Most would say that's the right thing to do. However, that's just idealistic. In reality, someone always gets the short end of the stick.

74. Excuses are meaningless. The tougher things get, the more likely people are to come to their own conclusions.

75. Is it wrong to do stuff by yourself? If someone worked hard on their own until now, why do they have to face rejection here?

76. Guys are simple creatures. Just by talking to them, they get the wrong idea.

77. If you can't get along without putting someone else down, it can't be real friendship.

78. Hard work betrays none, but dreams betray many.

79. Ignorance is bliss, isn't it?

80. When humans are faced with truly terrifying circumstances, they don't think about other people around them. They're even willing to sacrifice those around themselves. By exposing that unsightly part of them, they can no longer get along.

81. "You can't run away" is an ideal for the strong. You're not always wrong. Society, the world, the people around you - often someone else is in the wrong. To think that you can change is adapting to this cruel, indifferent, trashy world. It's admitting defeat and servility. You're simply deceiving yourself by dressing it up with pretty words. 

82. They say if you change yourself, you'll change the world, but that's a complete lie. When people judge somebody, it becomes a fixed idea and an impression that lasts. A loner is forced to stay a loner. If you do your best at something and stand out, that'll only get used as fodder for criticism. Those are the rules of the Kingdom of Children.

83. Question: The world will not change, but you can change yourself. So then, how will you change? <br />
Answer: You become the god of a new world.

84. Youth is a hoax. It's evil. People who make a big deal of their "youth", are just inviting trouble. They try to keep everything going on around them. For them, if there's something that has to do with their "youth", they jump at it without a second thought. From normal daily life, to rebelling against the view of society. If you fall in with them - lies, secrets, failure, and even crimes await you. But for them, it's just a spice of life. And if failure is also a mark of "youth", then isn't it ironic, that a person who failed to make any friends, is also technically leading his "youth"? Though I wonder if they would agree. Everything runs on their schedule. Let me be clear. The people who enjoy their "youth", will eventually fall apart.                 

85. We reset, and return to our separate lives. You can't reset your life, but you can reset your relationships.

86. I hate nice girls. Just exchanging greetings with them will get them on your mind. Start texting each other, and your heart will be set a flutter. If they call you, you're done for. Enjoy staring at your logs and grinning like a fool. However, I won't get fooled again. That's what your kind calls kindness. If you're nice to me, you're nice to others. I always end up nearly forgetting that. Reality is cruel, so I'm sure lies are a form of kindness. Thus, I say kindness itself is also a lie. I always ended up with these expectations. And I always ended up with these misunderstandings. And before I knew it, I stopped hoping. A highly trained loner is once bitten, twice shy. As a veteran on this battlefield of life, I've gotten used to losing. That's why I always hate nice girls.

87. Aside from the fact that I don't have any friends or girlfriends, I'm still a high quality product!

88. Bears are creatures that feel no insecurity in living alone. They're an animal that lives in isolation. Plus, they can hibernate. What a fabulous thing that is. If I were to be reborn, I definitely want to be a bear.

